# DHT11Sensor
Developing a driver for DHT11 temperature and humidity sensor on Arduino/AVR/STM32 for learning purposes.

DTH11 datasheets - 
- https://akizukidenshi.com/download/ds/aosong/DHT11.pdf
- https://www.mouser.com/ds/2/758/DHT11-Technical-Data-Sheet-Translated-Version-1143054.pdf

#### Arduino:
- TempSens.ino - Trivial implementation of communication with sensor.
- TempSensDirectPort.ino - Extended TempSens.ino implementation with reads and writes to the register addresses and reimplemented arduino ```pulseIn()``` function.
- TempSensAVTCompatible.ino - Extended TempSensDirectPort.ino with additional clock definition and implementaion of ```micros()``` function. Solution can be easily imported in AVR project without Arduino dependencies.
#### AVR:
- Atmel 7 studio project with code ported from ```TempSensAVTCompatible.ino```. Solution was split into multiple files under ```Utils``` folder. ```Debug``` folder already contains binary (```.hex```) file for Atmega328p.
- Has included external library for UART (```Driver``` folder).

#### STM32:
- STM32CubeMX project for STM32F103C8T6 with generated project for Atolilc True studio. Contains autogenerated hardware abstraction layer based on ```cmsis```. Solution was ported from AVR project and shares same file structure. ```Debug``` folder already contains binary (```.hex```) file.

##### Notes:
- Arduino and AVR solutions provide serial output on BAUD rate of 9600.
- STM32 solution provide serial output on BAUD rate of 115200.
- Samples are taken every 2 seconds as required by the specification.
- Arduino and AVR solutions are configured on pin digital pin 8.
- STM32 solution configured on pin B10.
